# Flinks challenge

## Purpose

This package exists as a solution proposal to the Flinks challenge.

## Challenge solution workflow:

Challenge steps can be summarized as following:

1. Get a request Id.
2. Authorize this request Id by solving a 2 step authentication process.
3. Use the right API call to get some account detail.
4. Filter those results and present them in a desired format.

## Mini ADR for the chosen tools:

1. Gauge: 
   - Helps creating executable specs. 
   - Does not enforce any "Gherkinish" syntax (compared to Cucumber or RFM). 
   - Makes test documentation a vital part of the automation development.
   - Manages test project structure.
   - Has built-in test reporting.
2. Python: 
   - Easy to read and allows fast prototyping. 
   - Has powerful libraries for data manipulation and computation (which is commonly used during testing).
   - Constantly evolving with a wide support community.

## Project structure:

1. Automatically generated by Gauge (execute **gauge init python** at parent level to create the project structure).
2. Notable folders are:
   - steps: contains implementation logic files.
   - specs: contains specification files.
   - reports: contains the test results reports.
   - logs: contains the test execution logs.

## Requirements

- Python 3.6.8 or above: https://www.python.org/
- Gauge: https://gauge.org/
- Libraries in the project **requirements.txt** file.

## Quick setup guide:

1. Install Python.
2. Install Gauge.
3. Install Gauge-Python plugin: https://github.com/getgauge/gauge-python
4. In your root test project folder, create the project structure using: **gauge init python**
5. Copy/Rewrite your structure with the provided package structure.
6. Navigate to the *specs* folder and execute **gauge run *your_spec_name*** 

If you experience any issues, please contact ticklingthedata@gmail.com.